Add test (#47)
markusweigelt/kitodo_production_ocrd: README.md

The fastest way to get all that is by using the Makefile via the following command:

>     make prepare # generate all missing files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make prepare # generate files and directories which are required to use our services
```

Author: IMO shorter is better in this context. It's just the comment to the command, after all. In addition to the full explanation above that, this should just show how these are subgrouped.

    make prepare-keys # generate only SSH credentials

>     make prepare-data # generate only Kitodo OCR scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make prepare-data # generate data which are required for all profiles

```

Author: why all profiles? It's only Kitodo, isn't it? Also, it's just the scripts I thought...

Reviewer: Yes. Atm there are just the scripts but it is conceivable that further Kitodo files and folders will be added or service folders.

>     make prepare-examples # generate only Kitodo DB entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make prepare-examples # generate example data for Kitodo.Production for example DB entries and process
```
